* \[**BREAKING**\] Add taller slash, broken slash and broken zero variants for Zero. As a result, current variants are reordered (#1307, #1509, #1678).
* \[**BREAKING**\] Add above-baseline crossed variant for Q. As a result, current variants are reordered (#1533).
* \[**BREAKING**\] Add `threefold-solid-inline` variant for `@`. As a result, current variants are reordered (#1495).
* \[**BREAKING**\] Rectify the variant atlas. As a result, if a character's variant list has motion-serifed, then it will have serifless and serifed variants: the serifed-ness will no longer be controlled by SLAB variable. The characters influenced are `M`, `N`, `P`, `R`, `U`, `V`, `W`, `b`, `h`, `m`, `n`, `p`, `q`, `u`, `v`, `w`, `y`.
* \[**BREAKING**\] Renamed and/or reordered various variants.
* Add Characters:
  - VERTICAL BAR WITH HORIZONTAL STROKE (`U+27CA`).
  - ELEMENT OF OPENING UPWARDS (`U+27D2`).
  - TRIPLE VERTICAL BAR DELIMITER (`U+2980`).
  - Z NOTATION SPOT (`U+2981`).
  - DOTTED FENCE (`U+2999`).
  - CIRCLED ANTICLOCKWISE-ROTATED DIVISION SIGN (`U+29BC`).
  - CIRCLED WHITE BULLET (`U+29BE`).
  - CIRCLED BULLET (`U+29BF`).
  - SQUARED RISING DIAGONAL SLASH (`U+29C4`) ... SQUARED SQUARE (`U+29C8`).
  - EQUALS SIGN AND SLANTED PARALLEL (`U+29E3`) ... IDENTICAL TO AND SLANTED PARALLEL (`U+29E5`).
  - THERMODYNAMIC (`U+29E7`).
  - REVERSE SOLIDUS OPERATOR (`U+29F5`) ... REVERSE SOLIDUS WITH HORIZONTAL STROKE (`U+29F7`).
  - PLUS SIGN WITH SMALL CIRCLE ABOVE (`U+2A22`) ... PLUS SIGN WITH TILDE ABOVE (`U+2A24`).
  - PLUS SIGN WITH TILDE BELOW (`U+2A26`).
  - PLUS SIGN IN LEFT HALF CIRCLE (`U+2A2D`).
  - PLUS SIGN IN RIGHT HALF CIRCLE (`U+2A2E`).
  - MULTIPLICATION SIGN IN LEFT HALF CIRCLE (`U+2A34`) ... CIRCLED MULTIPLICATION SIGN WITH CIRCUMFLEX ACCENT (`U+2A36`).
  - CIRCLED DIVISION SIGN (`U+2A38`).
  - UNION WITH MINUS SIGN (`U+2A41`) ... INTERSECTION WITH OVERBAR (`U+2A43`).
  - LOGICAL AND WITH DOUBLE OVERBAR (`U+2A5E`) ... LOGICAL OR WITH DOUBLE UNDERBAR (`U+2A63`).
  - TRIPLE HORIZONTAL BAR WITH DOUBLE VERTICAL STROKE (`U+2A68`).
  - TRIPLE HORIZONTAL BAR WITH TRIPLE VERTICAL STROKE (`U+2A69`).
  - ALMOST EQUAL TO WITH CIRCUMFLEX ACCENT (`U+2A6F`).
  - ELEMENT OF OPENING DOWNWARDS (`U+2AD9`) ... NONFORKING (`U+2ADD`).
  - PARALLEL WITH HORIZONTAL STROKE (`U+2AF2`) ... TRIPLE COLON OPERATOR (`U+2AF6`).
  - LARGE TRIPLE VERTICAL BAR OPERATOR (`U+2AFC`).
  - GROUP MARK (`U+2BD2`).
  - HYPHEN WITH DIAERESIS (`U+2E1A`).
  - TILDE WITH RING ABOVE (`U+2E1B`).
  - LEFT VERTICAL BAR WITH QUILL (`U+2E20`).
  - RIGHT VERTICAL BAR WITH QUILL (`U+2E21`).
  - DOUBLE HYPHEN (`U+2E40`).
* Improve height of glyphs derived from DIVIDES (`U+2223`) and PARALLEL TO (`U+2225`) to be the same as APL tacks as they are often used as APL stiles.
* Add diagonal-tailed variants for lowercase Iota (#1737).
* Make `VXSF` to influence Eth too (#1738).
