 * \[**Breaking**\] Change implementation of character variants to `cv##` and alternate substitutions (#572).
 * \[**Breaking**\] Change the building configuration format -- now we use dicts instead of “array of styles”.
 * \[**Breaking**\] Cleanup of weight levels and increase contrast under heavier weights.
 * \[**Breaking**\] Remove WOFF 1 web font building.
 * \[**Breaking**\] Release packages will now be divided by formats.
 * Add Characters:
   - Derived bold, italic, sans-serif, typewriter, and double-struck letters / digits, in Mathematical Alphanumeric Symbols block (#444, #712).
   - Half-filled stars (`U+2BE8` ... `U+2BEB`, #708).
   - `U+0462` CYRILLIC CAPITAL LETTER YAT and `U+0463` CYRILLIC SMALL LETTER YAT (#727).
   - `U+1D6A4` MATHEMATICAL ITALIC SMALL DOTLESS I, `U+1D6A5` MATHEMATICAL ITALIC SMALL DOTLESS J (#730).
   - U+23CF EJECT SYMBOL (#728).
 * Add Variants:
   - `u`/`toothless-corner` (#706).
   - Curly variants of `Z` / `z` (#362).
   - Toothless-corner variant of `G` and Ampersand (`&`).
 * Update `ss09` style for capital G to Toothless (#726).
 * Add ligation set for Verilog (#710).
 * Add more alternative exclamation-related ligation sets (`exeqeq-dotted`, `eqexeq-dotted`, `eqexeq-dl-dotted`) (#748).
 * Fix the shape of hook-top V's.
 * Make check and cross marks wide-aware.
 * Fix middle bar placement of `U+2180` under quasi-proportional.
 * Correct description of `1` variants (#711).
 * Fix broken Bulgarian localization of Cyrillic Small Sha and Cyrillic Capital El (#716).
 * Fix broken serif shapes in Italic Cyrillic Small I (#717).
 * Fix incorrect serifs of Greek Small Rho (#718).
 * Fix inconsistent italic serif of `U+0463` CYRILLIC SMALL LETTER YAT (#729).
 * Fix inconsistent serif on Bulgarian `U+044E` CYRILLIC SMALL LETTER YU (#732).
 * Fix variant application on italic Cyrillic Small Te and Cyrillic Small I (#734).
 * Fix variant application on fraction 1/10 (`U+2152`, #736).
 * Fix variant application on LATIN SMALL LETTER WITH STROKE (`U+0167`, #737).
 * Fix centering of `Q` variants when occurred in enclosures (#751).
 * Fix broken descender connection of `cyrl/tse` (U+0446) under Italic (#754).
 * Fix missing serifs in earless-corner `m` variants (#752).
 * Remove slight curvature of italic single-storey `a` (#755).
 * Fix kerned dotty operators' placement when placed near brackets and commas (#757).