 * **Breaking** Iosevka Aile and Iosevka Etoile now support `cv##` and `ss##` features.
 * **Breaking** Pre-built “SS” families will no longer contain `cv##` and `ss##` features, as their style has already been pre-baked.
 * **Breaking** Iosevka Sparkle is removed from prebuilt packages.
 * **Breaking** Reorder `cv##` features and variant assignments for better organization.
 * **Breaking** Spilt out variant selector for `A`, `V`, `W`, `Z` (#806).
 * **Breaking** Certain variants' names are changed:
   - Phrase `singlestorey` and `doublestorey` used in  `a` and `g` variants are renamed to `single-storey` and `double-storey`.
   - Variants of percent (`%`) sign are renamed.
 * Add Characters:
     * Z Notation Schema Composition (`U+2A1F`) and Z Notation Relation Composition (`U+2A3E`) (#857).
     * Circled Zero With Slash (`U+1F10D`, #861).
     * Ballot Box, Ballot Box with Check and Ballot Box with X (`U+2610` ... `U+2612`, #890).
 * Add Variants:
     * Add diagonal-tailed variants for `f`, `i`, `j`, `k`, `l`, `q`, `t` (#795).
     * Add motion-serifed variants for `A`, `B`, `D`, `E`, `F`, `H`, `K`, `M`, `N`, `P`, `R`, `T`, `V`, `W`, `X`, `Y`, `Z`, `v`, `w`, `x`, `y`, `z` (#806, #815, #818).
     * Add symmetric-legged variants for `K` and `k` (#807).
     * Add horizontal-tailed and detach-tailed variants for `Q` (#808).
     * Add hook-less and capped variants for `G` (#809).
     * Add open-contour variants for `P` and `R` (#810).
     * Add standing variants for `R` (#810).
     * Add toothed and motion-serifed variants for `U` (#811).
     * Add double-v and asymmetric variants for `W` and `w` (#812).
     * Add motion-serifed toothless variants for `u` (#813).
     * Add flat-serifed variants for `1` (#819).
     * Add serifed and top-serifed variants for `S` and `s` (#800, #822).
     * Add oblique-upper-left-bar variant for `5` (#820).
     * Add compact-serifed and compact-top-serifed variants of `r` (#826).
     * Add oval variant for `0` (#828).
     * Add corner and flat-hooked variants for `?` (#829).
     * Add oval slashed / dotted variants for `0` (#834).
     * Add rings-continuous-slash-also-connected variant to `%` (#835).
     * Add inward-serifed variants for `C`, `G`, `S`, `c` (#837).
     * Add asymmetric variants for `N` (#838).
     * Add base-serifed variants for `Y` (#850).
     * Add base-serifed variants for `r` (#851).
     * Add bar-interrupted variants for Dollar and Cent sign (#863).
     * Add Hooky variant for `j` (#864).
     * Add bend and curly variants for `7` (#866).
     * Add interrupted variants for `B` (#869).
     * Add variant selectors for Greek lower Alpha and Iota (#873).
     * Add tail to Greek lower Pi and Tau (#875).
     * Add compact/descending variants for `J` (#876).
     * Add cursive `v` and `w`.
     * Add straight-bar AE (`Æ`), follows variant selector for `A` (#800).
 * Add IBM Plex Mono, PT Mono and Recursive Mono stylistic sets (#796, #855).
 * Fix width of flat-hook-serifless `j` (#860).
 * Fix broken shape of tailed Cyrillic DJE (`U+0452`, #803).
 * Slightly increase size of `⊂`, `⊃`, `⊏` and `⊐` for better distinction (#804).
