* \[**Breaking**\] Reordered variant selectors' name and OT tag.
* Add Characters:
  - CYRILLIC CAPITAL LETTER EL WITH MIDDLE HOOK (`U+0520`).
  - CYRILLIC SMALL LETTER EL WITH MIDDLE HOOK (`U+0521`).
  - CYRILLIC CAPITAL LETTER EN WITH MIDDLE HOOK (`U+0522`).
  - CYRILLIC SMALL LETTER EN WITH MIDDLE HOOK (`U+0523`).
  - KIP SIGN (`U+20AD`).
  - MULTIPLICATION SIGN WITH DOT ABOVE (`U+2A30`).
  - IDENTICAL WITH DOT ABOVE (`U+2A67`).
  - TILDE OPERATOR WITH DOT ABOVE (`U+2A6A`).
  - CONGRUENT WITH DOT ABOVE (`U+2A6D`).
  - EQUALS WITH ASTERISK (`U+2A6E`).
  - COMBINING CYRILLIC LETTER IOTIFIED A (`U+2DFC`).
  - TILDE WITH DOT ABOVE (`U+2E1E`).
  - TILDE WITH DOT BELOW (`U+2E1F`).
  - CYRILLIC CAPITAL LETTER IOTIFIED A (`U+A656`).
  - CYRILLIC SMALL LETTER IOTIFIED A (`U+A657`).
  - CYRILLIC CAPITAL LETTER TE WITH MIDDLE HOOK (`U+A68A`).
  - CYRILLIC SMALL LETTER TE WITH MIDDLE HOOK (`U+A68B`).
  - LATIN CAPITAL LETTER AA (`U+A732`).
  - LATIN SMALL LETTER AA (`U+A733`).
  - LATIN CAPITAL LETTER AO (`U+A734`) (#1623).
  - LATIN SMALL LETTER SAKHA YAT (`U+AB60`).
  - LATIN SMALL LETTER IOTIFIED E (`U+AB61`).
  - LATIN SMALL LETTER OPEN OE (`U+AB62`).
  - MODIFIER LETTER SMALL CAPITAL AA (`U+10780`) (#1626).
* Add Extra-high asterisks (#1506).
* Fix shape artifacts of `U+499`, `U+1D93`, `U+1D94`, `U+A731` (#1580, #1617, #1618).
* Fix shape artifacts of cursive `k` (#1619).
* Fix shape artifacts of R-derivatives (#1620).
* Use correct glyph for `U+225B`.
* Add specialized variant selector for micro sign (#1629).
* Optimize SS08 style assignments (#1633).
* Optimize serif stroke width of Cyrillic Iotified Es and Yu (#1634).
* Optimize shape of Italic Cyrillic Yat (#1637).
