 * Fix missing mapping regression of U+1D0D (#510).
 * Fix dot removal on various derived glyphs (#513).
 * Fix styling features for Bulgarian, Macedonian, or Serbian (#514).
 * Fix seam on certain Cyrillic letters with descender shape (#517).
 * Fix compatibility ligature building (#524). Also moved metric override configuration, compatibility ligature configuration and character removal configuration into build plans.
 * **Prerelease changes**
   * **3.0.0-rc.8**
      * Fix shape of combining small capitals (U+1DDB, U+1DDE, U+1DDF, U+1DE1, and U+1DE2; #500).
      * Fix shape of H-cedilla (U+1E28 and U+1E29; #499).
      * Fix incorrect mapping of U+228D (was U+228E) (#501).
      * Fix shape of U+0478 and U+0479 (#503).
      * Fix broken shape of R-stroke (#504).
      * Fix shape of U+21B9 (#505).
      * Change feature name `fwid` → `WWID`, `hwid` → `NWID`.
      * Fix Iosevka Curly's default mapping of `@` (#509).      
   * **3.0.0-rc.7**
      * Fixed phonetic ligatures' shape. Now they are connected more closely (#488).
      * Fix shape of U+AB30, U+AB64 and U+1DE7 (#489).
      * Fix export of U+478 and U+479.
      * Fix shape of U+029A, U+1D08, U+1D4C (#491).
      * Add U+AB66 and U+AB67 (#488).
      * Fix shape of U+1DF0 (#497).      
   * **3.0.0-rc.6**
      * Add IEC power symbol.
      * Add straight lambda (`λ`) shape, and corresponded variant selector `cv94`. Old shape is placed under `cv95` (#467).
      * Add U+2423 `OPEN BOX` (`␣`) (#469).
      * Add Bashkir Ka (U+04A0, U+04A1) (#441).
      * Fixed mapping for U+028C, U+034D.
      * Fixed the thickness of thick arrows under full width.
      * Fixed missing `TM` and `SM` symbol.
      * Fixed weight of dotted numbers.
      * Fix APL symbols' metric under Aile.
      * Make `m.short-leg` more distinctive (#471).
      * Add ligation for waved double-headed-arrow (#475).
      * Expand the ligation set for colons to all dotty operators (#476).
      * Added variants for `9` like a turned `6` (#363).      
   * **3.0.0-rc.5**
      * Add reverse-slashed zero (#438).
      * Add U+1F8B0 and U+1F8B1 (#459).
      * Fixed broken shape around `srtail`, `Sswash` and `sswash`.
      * Fix `noCvSs` building (#460).
      * Retrocomputing symbols are now defaults to half-width.
      * Made variant selectors work for turned letters.
      * Make `ligset-dlig` usable from custom build (#463).      
   * **3.0.0-rc.4**
      * Fix OTL script tag of default script (`dflt` -> `DFLT`). Though most shaping engine would not be impacted by the incorrect tag in earlier versions.
      * Add large brackets (U+239B ... U+23AD) and extensible integral symbols (U+2320, U+2321, U+23AE).
      * Add arrow U+21DE, U+21DF, U+2908, U+2909.
      * Add logical symbol U+22A9, U+22AA, U+22AB, U+22AE, U+22AF.
      * Cancelled ligation around regex look-around.
      * Implement thousand-digit grouping under `THND` feature.
      * Shape refinements of digit `1` and `6`.      
   * **3.0.0-rc.3**
      * Fix shape of `smcpGhooktop` (U+029B) and `uogonek.withoutBar`.
      * Make the dotless `i` and `j` CCMP feature work for more related characters and stylized forms.
      * Fix substitution of i-ogonek and upper combining marks.
      * Fix broken shape of tildes.
      * Fix broken degree-C and degree-F ligature.
      * Fix broken cup (`∪`) and cap (`∩`) symbol.      
   * **3.0.0-rc.2**
      * Change the glyph shape for U+1E10 “Ḑ” and U+1E11 “ḑ” to D-comma rather than D-cedilla.
      * Add toothless `G`.
      * Rename private feature tags to follow [OTSpec’s vendor-specific tag guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/typography/opentype/spec/featuretags).      
   * **3.0.0-rc.1**
      * The packaging and spacing is significantly changed:
         * `Iosevka` → Kept, but made arrows and geometric symbols wide.
         * `Iosevka Term` → `Iosevka Fixed`.
         * `Iosevka TermLig` → `Iosevka Term`.
         * `Iosevka Type` → Removed.
         * `Iosevka CC` → Removed.
      * Fix “Lucida” style's `one` character.
      * Added weight “Book”.
      * Fix broken shape of heavy curly V, etc.
      * Improve double-line arrow ligations.
      * Add diamond-shaped `<>` ligation, and enabled that for Haskell.
      * Added bar-less `u` variants, and JetBrains Mono:
         * Assigned `cv90` to this variant.
         * Assigned `ss14` to the stylistic set.      
   * **3.0.0-beta.3**
      * Made the curly-bar variant via OpenType tag `ss20`.
      * Alias U+2B95 to U+27A1.
      * Add symbol U+22DA, U+22DB, U+23B0, U+23B1, etc.
      * Finished the unicode block that supports retro computer characters.
      * Building: The shape weight is now a continuous space.      
   * **3.0.0-beta.2**
      * Fix horn connection on O-horn with tone marks: `Ờ ờ Ớ ớ Ở ở Ỡ ỡ Ợ ợ`.
      * Optimize the anchor position of `R` and `ɏ` (U+024F).      
   * **3.0.0-beta.1**
      * Fix the shape of `RRotunda` (U+A75A) and `rRotunda` (U+A75B).
      * Make curly `k` under Slab variants look more different than the straight ones.
      * Fixed minor stroke overflow on `A`.
      * Fix O-hook connection.
      * Add more math symbols (`≺`, `≻`, `⊏`, `⊐`, etc.) for Agda.      
   * **3.0.0-alpha.5**
      * Made hooks' terminal flat, which applies to `a`, `c`, `e`, etc.
      * Add variant selector for `f`: `v-f-serifed`.
      * Add variant selectors for `r`: `v-r-standard`, `v-r-serifed`, `v-r-top-serifed`.
      * Fix various `r`-related glyphs' shape.
      * Fix shape of cursive `k` under Slab shape.
      * Fix Bulgarian Tse shape.
      * Add `fwid` and `hwid` for Powerline.
      * Default `g` to single-storey.      
   * **3.0.0-alpha.4**
      * Added three-line ligation of `===` and `!==` for JavaScript, PHP, etc.
      * Default ligature set selector: `ligset-javascript` and `ligset-php`.
      * Cherry-picking configuration selector: `eqeqeq` and `exeqeq`.
      * OpenType tags: `XJS0`, `XPHP`.
      * Exposed curly-vs-straight letterform selectors.
      * OpenType tags are from `cv70` to `cv83`.
      * Fixed style linking for extended variants.      
   * **3.0.0-alpha.3**
      * Added ligation for `~>`, `<~`, `~~>`, etc.
      * Further refined the shapes of APL symbols.
      * Added old-style numbers. Feature `onum` and `lnum` are enabled.      
   * **3.0.0-alpha.2**
      * Extended width will be built automatically and integrate into existing families.
      * Added more letter-like symbols: `⅋`, `ℂ`, `ℍ`, `ℙ`, `ℕ`, `ℚ`, `ℝ`, `ℤ`, `ℵ`, `ℶ`.
      * Refine the height of brackets and symbols.
      * Renamed various variant selectors:
         * `v-m-longleg` → `v-m-normal`
         * `v-one-hooky` → `v-one-noBase`
         * `v-one-serifed` → `v-one-base`
         * `v-seven-normal` → `v-seven-noserif`
         * `v-seven-force-serifed` → `v-seven-serifed`
      * Added `v-lig-ltgteq-flat` (`cv66`) and `v-lig-ltgteq-slanted` (`cv67`) to change the shape of `<=` and `>=` ligation.      
   * **3.0.0-alpha.1**
      * The letters `k`, `x`, `v`, `A`, etc. will now use straight legs by default. The “curly” families will keep the old shape.
      * Note this is a parameter difference rather than variant. So there won’t be a `cv##` or `ss##` variant selector.
      * Introduced a curly italic `k` with untagged variant `v-k-italic`.
      * Introduced `ss12` OpenType tag for Ubuntu-Mono style as well as a prebuilt `SS12` family.
