 * Add variants for six (`6`) : `v-six-closed-contour` (`VXAE`) and `v-six-open-contour` (`VXAF`). `v-nine-turned-six` is renamed to `v-nine-open-contour` (#562).
 * Make variant selectors able to influence `l-dot` (U+0140, #566).
 * Add variants for Ampersand (#211).
 * Fix small gaps of l-belt and l-rtail-belt (#569).
 * Fix R-bar's bar position (#574).
 * Add U+228C, U+228E, U+2214, U+221B, U+221C (#567).
 * Add straight-line variant for `1` (#573).
 * Cover all the characters in CP437 (#577).
 * Add parenthesis variant with larger contour (#570).
 * Fix placement of U+0315 COMBINING COMMA ABOVE RIGHT (#583).
 * Fix shape of U+1D24 LATIN LETTER VOICED LARYNGEAL SPIRANT (#584).
 * Allow the user to customize the characters' width freely (#554).
 * Fix placement of descenders in U+04AC/U+04AD CYRILLIC CAPITAL/SMALL LETTER TE WITH DESCENDER (#585).
 * Fix shape of U+01A6 LATIN LETTER YR under curly variant (#586).
 * Fix serif placement of U+044E CYRILLIC SMALL LETTER YU under Bulgarian locale (#587).
 * Make combining lines connect left and right (#590).
 * Make the curly-slab shape of `R`, `v`, `x` and `y` more distinctive (#591, #609).
 * Add U+02BE MODIFIER LETTER RIGHT HALF RING and U+02BF MODIFIER LETTER LEFT HALF RING (#588).
 * Add variant `v-capital-b-more-asymmetric` (`VXAQ`) for `B` for better differentiation with `8` (#589).
 * Fix inconsistent stroke widths in heavy delta-like components (#593).
 * Made the ties move further away from above marks, and implement diacritics above ties (#596).
 * Add variants for `4`, `7`, `6`, `9`, `q` and `z` (#595).
 * Fix missing slab on `v-u-without-bar` (#601).
 * Change shape of U+0192 for better differentiation (#611).