 * Add characters:
    - LATIN CAPITAL LETTER K WITH STROKE (`U+A740`) (#1453).
    - LATIN SMALL LETTER K WITH STROKE (`U+A741`) (#1453).
    - LATIN CAPITAL LETTER THORN WITH STROKE (`U+A764`) (#1453).
    - LATIN SMALL LETTER THORN WITH STROKE (`U+A765`) (#1453).
    - LATIN CAPITAL LETTER F WITH STROKE (`U+A798`) (#1453).
    - LATIN SMALL LETTER F WITH STROKE (`U+A799`) (#1453).
    - LATIN CAPITAL LETTER U WITH STROKE (`U+A7B8`) (#1453).
    - LATIN SMALL LETTER U WITH STROKE (`U+A7B9`) (#1453).
    - MODIFIER LETTER RAISED UP ARROW (`U+A71B`) (#1460).
    - MODIFIER LETTER RAISED DOWN ARROW (`U+A71C`) (#1460).
    - MODIFIER LETTER RAISED EXCLAMATION MARK (`U+A71D`).
    - MODIFIER LETTER RAISED INVERTED EXCLAMATION MARK (`U+A71E`).
    - MODIFIER LETTER LOW INVERTED EXCLAMATION MARK (`U+A71F`).
    - MODIFIER LETTER SUPERSCRIPT TRIANGULAR COLON (`U+10781`) ...  MODIFIER LETTER RETROFLEX CLICK WITH RETROFLEX HOOK (`U+107B9`).
    - LATIN LETTER SMALL CAPITAL L WITH BELT (`U+1DF04`).
    - LATIN SMALL LETTER LEZH WITH RETROFLEX HOOK (`U+1DF05`).
    - LATIN SMALL LETTER TURNED Y WITH BELT (`U+1DF06`).
    - LATIN SMALL LETTER TURNED R WITH LONG LEG AND RETROFLEX HOOK (`U+1DF08`).
    - LATIN LETTER RETROFLEX CLICK WITH RETROFLEX HOOK (`U+1DF0A`).
 * Fix metrics of ASCII single quotes under Aile (#1454).
 * Fix overshoot of oval-shaped `0`, and open `6`/`9` (#1455).
 * Fix serifs of certain letters (#1458):
    - LATIN CAPITAL LETTER GAMMA (`U+0194`).
    - LATIN CAPITAL LETTER OU (`U+0222`).
    - LATIN SMALL LETTER OU (`U+0223`).
    - LATIN SMALL LETTER ALPHA (`U+0251`).
    - LATIN SMALL LETTER GAMMA (`U+0263`).
    - LATIN SMALL LETTER RAMS HORN (`U+0264`).
    - LATIN SMALL LETTER TURNED OPEN E (`U+1D08`).
    - LATIN LETTER SMALL CAPITAL OU (`U+1D15`).
    - LATIN LETTER AIN (`U+1D25`).
 * Fix shape and variant assignment for LATIN SMALL LETTER DOTLESS J WITH STROKE (`U+025F`) (#1458).
