* \[**Breaking**\] Added ligation support for Erlang. As a result, ligations groups for less-then-or-equal and greater-than-or-equal symbols are reorganized (#1595).
* Add characters:
  - MEDIUM MATHEMATICAL SPACE (`U+205F`).
  - MILL SIGN (`U+20A5`).
  - DONG SIGN (`U+20AB`).
  - TENGE SIGN (`U+20B8`).
  - SOM SIGN (`U+20C0`).
  - EULER CONSTANT (`U+2107`).
  - SCRUPLE (`U+2108`).
  - PLANCK CONSTANT OVER TWO PI (`U+210F`).
  - SQUARE LOZENGE (`U+2311`).
  - TURNED NOT SIGN (`U+2319`).
  - SOFTWARE-FUNCTION SYMBOL (`U+2394`).
  - PLUS SIGN WITH DOT BELOW (`U+2A25`).
  - MINUS SIGN WITH DOT BELOW (`U+2A2A`).
  - EQUALS SIGN WITH DOT BELOW (`U+2A66`).
  - LATIN CAPITAL LETTER H WITH DESCENDER (`U+2C67`) (#1572).
  - LATIN SMALL LETTER H WITH DESCENDER (`U+2C68`) (#1572).
  - RING POINT (`U+2E30`).
  - WORD SEPARATOR MIDDLE DOT (`U+2E31`).
  - LATIN LETTER SINOLOGICAL DOT (`U+A78F`).
  - LATIN CAPITAL LETTER N WITH DESCENDER (`U+A790`) (#1572).
  - LATIN SMALL LETTER N WITH DESCENDER (`U+A791`) (#1572).
  - LATIN CAPITAL LETTER OMEGA (`U+A7B6`) (#1572).
  - LATIN SMALL LETTER OMEGA (`U+A7B7`) (#1572).
  - LATIN CAPITAL LETTER D WITH SHORT STROKE OVERLAY (`U+A7C7`) (#1572).
  - LATIN SMALL LETTER D WITH SHORT STROKE OVERLAY (`U+A7C8`) (#1572).
  - LATIN CAPITAL LETTER S WITH SHORT STROKE OVERLAY (`U+A7C9`) (#1572).
  - LATIN SMALL LETTER S WITH SHORT STROKE OVERLAY (`U+A7CA`) (#1572).
  - LATIN SMALL LETTER OPEN O WITH STROKE (`U+AB3F`) (#1572).
* Make ASCII marks (grave, caret, tilde) more significant (#1576).
* Optimize shape for Italic long-dotted-oval zero (#1577).
* Fix ear-cuts of capital Y under Italics (#1578).
* Fix disconnected Cedillas for serifed italic glyphs on heavier weights (#1579).
* Fix disconnected underbars for Abkhasian Che (#1579).
* Fix shape of heavy-weight serifed Latin C With Hook, Epsilons (#1580).
* Fix heavy-weight ampersand's top arc alignment (#1581).
* Fix shape of heavy-weight lowercase r (#1582).
* Optimize shape for Sulzbacher Eszet (#1583).
* Fix missing serifs of Cyrillic Koppa (#1584).
* Fix shape of heavy-weight Rs (#1585).
* Fix shape of Latin Small Letter Y with Hook under heavy weights (#1588, #1589).
* Fix shape of Bashkir Ka under heavy weights (#1590).
* Fix artifacts of certain K-related letters (#1591).
* Optimize shape of small S (#1592).
