* \[**BREAKING**\] Add serifed and diagonal-tailed variants for Long S. As a result, current variants are reordered (#1728, #1729).
* Add Characters:
  - CYRILLIC SMALL LETTER NARROW O (`U+1C82`) (#1517).
  - CYRILLIC SMALL LETTER UNBLENDED UK (`U+1C88`) (#1517).
  - MATHEMATICAL RISING DIAGONAL (`U+27CB`).
  - MATHEMATICAL FALLING DIAGONAL (`U+27CD`).
  - UP TACK WITH CIRCLE ABOVE (`U+27DF`).
  - REVERSED ANGLE (`U+29A3`).
  - REVERSED EMPTY SET (`U+29B0`) ... EMPTY SET WITH LEFT ARROW ABOVE (`U+29B4`).
  - CIRCLED VERTICAL BAR (`U+29B6`) ... CIRCLE DIVIDED BY HORIZONTAL BAR AND TOP HALF DIVIDED BY VERTICAL BAR (`U+29BA`).
  - DOUBLE ENDED MULTIMAP (`U+29DF`).
  - MINUS SIGN WITH FALLING DOTS (`U+2A2B`).
  - MINUS SIGN WITH RISING DOTS (`U+2A2C`).
  - MULTIPLICATION SIGN WITH UNDERBAR (`U+2A31`).
  - SEMIDIRECT PRODUCT WITH BOTTOM CLOSED (`U+2A32`).
  - TILDE OPERATOR WITH RISING DOTS (`U+2A6B`).
  - SIMILAR MINUS SIMILAR (`U+2A6C`).
  - APPROXIMATELY EQUAL TO OR EQUAL TO (`U+2A70`) ... EQUALS SIGN ABOVE TILDE OPERATOR (`U+2A73`).
  - DOES NOT DIVIDE WITH REVERSED NEGATION SLASH (`U+2AEE`) ... DOWN TACK WITH CIRCLE BELOW (`U+2AF1`).
  - REVERSED RIGHT ANGLE (`U+2BFE`).
  - COMBINING CYRILLIC LETTER ES-TE (`U+2DF5`) (#1720).
  - COMBINING CYRILLIC LETTER MONOGRAPH UK (`U+2DF9`) (#1720).
  - DAGGER WITH LEFT GUARD (`U+2E36`).
  - DAGGER WITH RIGHT GUARD (`U+2E37`).
  - TRIPLE DAGGER (`U+2E4B`).
  - CYRILLIC CAPITAL LETTER MONOGRAPH UK (`U+A64A`) (#1517).
  - CYRILLIC SMALL LETTER MONOGRAPH UK (`U+A64B`) (#1517).
  - CYRILLIC CAPITAL LETTER YN (`U+A65E`) (#1142, #1517).
  - CYRILLIC SMALL LETTER YN (`U+A65F`) (#1142, #1517).
  - LATIN CAPITAL LETTER INSULAR D (`U+A779`) (#1688).
  - LATIN SMALL LETTER INSULAR D (`U+A77A`) (#1688).
  - LATIN CAPITAL LETTER OLD POLISH O (`U+A7C0`) (#1732).
  - LATIN SMALL LETTER OLD POLISH O (`U+A7C1`) (#1732).
  - HEBREW LETTER ALTERNATIVE PLUS SIGN (`U+FB29`).
* Disunify DIVIDES (`U+2223`) and PARALLEL TO (`U+2225`) from VERTICAL LINE (`U+007C`) and DOUBLE VERTICAL LINE (`U+2016`) under `cv99`.
* Fix glyph of TURNED DAGGER (`U+2E38`).
* Fix variant assignment of `cv26` under `ss16`.
* Fix variant assignment of `cv31` under `ss13`.
* Fix variant assignments of `cv32` under `ss03` and `ss15`.
* Fix variant assignments of `cv51` under `ss01`, `ss05`, `ss09`, `ss10`, `ss12`, and `ss16`.
* Fix variant assignments of `cv52` under `ss10` and `ss16`.
* Fix variant assignment of `cv71` under `ss15`.
* Add toothless variants fo Greek Mu and Micro Sign (#1731).
